Add descriptions to MDX frontmatter (#614)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/index.mdx

---
title: Documentation

> description: Turborepo, developed by Jared Palmer and acquired by Vercel, offers a robust solution for JavaScript/TypeScript-based monorepos that stores all of your code and assets for every project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Turborepo is a high-performance build system for JavaScript and TypeScript codebases.
```
